# Agricultural-CO2-Production-Analysis

In the Agricultural process, there are a lot of cases in which the production of food is not sustainable in an environmental mindset. In this analysis we will be observing how the CO2 production of different foods throughout the production life cycle impact its emissions. To take a closer look at these variables we used an array of Python libraries to observe the relationship between multiple variables. Looking at the distribution of Total Emissions tells us that there are a few foods which are many offenders of CO2 production. Looking at this distribution is important, as foods with higher CO2 production will be less sustainable. Looking at a probability mass function of different foods, found that animal-based products produce more CO2 than plant base products. This indicates that total emissions are dependent on the kind of food produced, but I do feel like I made this assumption and could have found a better way to display this information outside of a probability mass function comparing foods and their individual CO2 production. Using a Cumulative distribution function, I was able to verify that the offenders of CO2 production are often these animal products as well as Chocolate (sadly). I compared all my variables using a scatter plot matrix and found that the farm variable (effort or resources to produce a food) has the highest correlation with the total emissions produced. Using a Multivariate Regression Formula, I narrowed Total emissions as my dependent variable and Farm, Processing, Packaging and Retail as my independent variables. Running a regression analysis, I found that the higher the farm variable the higher the total emissions of CO2. I ran the regression with and without farm as a variable and found that farm is probably the most impactful variable in determining CO2 production. This stage in the life cycle seems to produce the most CO2 because this is where resources are used to cultivate or grow the product. At the end we could determine that a) animal-based products emit more CO2 than non-animal product, and b) that the farming stage produces more CO2 on average than other stages of the life cycle. This could be influenced by the animal product variables as they do make considerably more C02 on average than the non-animal products. 

I highly recommend checking out the notebook for a look into the analysis process.
